[material-ui][mui-system] Stabilize Grid v2 and deprecate Grid v1 (#43054)
mui/material-ui: packages/mui-codemod/README.md

npx @mui/codemod@next v6.0.0/grid-v2-props <path>
```

> Updates the usage of the `Grid` v2 component to have the same API as the `PigmentGrid`.

Author: The difficulty of explaining this is that the component is `Grid2` in material and `Grid` in system and joy. Maybe:

```suggestion
Updates the usage of the `@mui/material/Grid2`, `@mui/system/Grid`, and `@mui/joy/Grid` components to their updated APIs
```

This is a better technical explanation of what the codemod does.

> Updates the usage of the `Grid` v2 component to have the same API as the `PigmentGrid`.

Reviewer: I see 👌

> Updates the usage of the `Grid` v2 component to have the same API as the `PigmentGrid`.

Author: Updated 👌🏼
